[R2] get started link and style guide changes (#4458)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: content/r2/learning/unicode-interoperability.md

## Filename encoding and interoperability problems

R2 is built on top of Workers and it supports Unicode natively. One nuance of Unicode that is often overlooked is the issue of [filename interoperability](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Filename#Encoding_indication_interoperability) due to [Unicode equivalence](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Unicode_equivalence).

> Based on feedback from our users, we have chosen to NFC-normalize key names before storing by default. This means `Héllo` and `Héllo` are the same object in R2 but different objects in other storage providers. Though  `Héllo` and `Héllo` are different character keys, they are rendered the same.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Based on feedback from our users, we have chosen to NFC-normalize key names before storing by default. This means that `Héllo` and `Héllo`, for example, are the same object in R2 but different objects in other storage providers. Although `Héllo` and `Héllo` may be different character byte sequences, they are rendered the same.
```

> Based on feedback from our users, we have chosen to NFC-normalize key names before storing by default. This means that `Héllo` and `Héllo`, for example, are the same object in R2 but different objects in other storage providers. Although `Héllo` and `Héllo` may be different character byte sequences, they are rendered the same.

Reviewer 2: Just to check, `Héllo` and `Héllo` should be spelled exactly the same?
